So that's it for this module.
You learned a lot about Javascript and how you can use it in conjunction with CSS. To be precise, you learned
how you may access style properties
via Javascript and change them via that style property.
You learned about the importance of using the camel case notation there,
so backgroundImage without a dash instead of with a dash or by using that alternative, wrap between
quotation marks as a string and by accessing the property via square brackets.
And you also learned how you can add or remove CSS classes, with class name or better if you don't want
to overwrite everything, via class list and the add and remove or toggle methods offered on that object,
it's easier and more flexible than class name.
Now of course there is way more you can learn about Javascript but that is something you should do in
a Javascript focused or dedicated course.
We got all the tools we need for this project and tools which are in general useful for you as a developer
when you're working with CSS.